---
layout: page
title: Daylight saving time and time zones
type: resources
---
:page-liquid:

= Daylight saving time and time zones

== General interest

=== CalConnect time zone discussion public mailing list

Details: link:{{'/resources/discussion-lists/time-zone-discussion' | relative_url }}[CalConnect Time Zone Discussion Public Mailing List]

CalConnect has implemented this public discussion list, intended for discussion
on timezones, especially in calendaring and scheduling. A particular focus is on
exchanging issues, challenges, and best practices related to timezone changes.
The intended audience for this list is hence not only technical, but also
involves decision makers involved in the political process of changing
timezones.

=== Procedures for maintaining the time zone database

Details: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6557[Procedures for Maintaining the Time Zone Database RFC 6557]

Time zone information serves as a basic protocol element in protocols, such as
the calendaring suite and DHCP. The Time Zone (TZ) Database specifies the
indices used in various protocols, as well as their semantic meanings, for all
localities throughout the world. This database has been meticulously maintained
and distributed free of charge by a group of volunteers, coordinated by a single
volunteer who is now planning to retire. This memo specifies procedures involved
with maintenance of the TZ database and associated code, including how to submit
proposed updates, how decisions for inclusion of those updates are made, and the
selection of a designated expert by and for the time zone community. The intent
of this memo is, to the extent possible, to document existing practice and
provide a means to ease succession of the database maintainers.

=== Time zone data distribution service

Details: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7808.txt[Time Zone Data Distribution Service RFC 7808]

This document defines a time zone data distribution service that allows
reliable, secure and fast delivery of time zone data to client systems such as
calendaring and scheduling applications or operating systems.

== European Union Summer Time Proposal (2018-2019)

=== CalConnect calls on EU to reconsider timeline for proposed seasonal time changes

Details: link:{{'/news/2018-10-30-calconnect-calls-on-eu-to-reconsider-timeline-for-proposed-seasonal-time-changes' | relative_url }}[CalConnect calls on EU to reconsider timeline for proposed seasonal time changes]

Press Release about CalConnect's Advisory Notice concerning the EU Summer Time
Proposal.

=== CalConnect advisory notice on EU summer time proposal

Details: link:{{'/docs/press-releases/CC%20Adv%20EU%20DST%20Advisory%20Notice.pdf' | relative_url }}[CalConnect Advisory Notice on EU Summer Time Proposal]

This document, developed shortly after the EU announcement, is an Advisory
Notice expressing concern about the amount of time before the proposal would
take effect, and recommending additional time for providers, consumers and
governments to prepare for the impact.

== Extended Daylight Saving Time Proposal and Implementation (2005-2008)

=== CalConnect EDST reflections and recommendations

Details: link:{{'/publications/CD0707%20CalConnect%20EDST%20Reflections%20and%20Recommendations.pdf' | relative_url }}[CalConnect EDST Reflections and Recommendations]

This document, prepared by the CalConnect DST Ad Hoc Committee, reflects on the
impact of the Extended Daylight Savings Time change to the start of DST in the
United States to March 11, 2007, and provides recommendations for the coming
change back on November 4, plus longer term recommendations for timezone
management in the future.

=== Extended daylight saving time review and considerations

Details: link:{{'/resources/daylight-saving-time/extended-daylight-saving-time-review-and-considerations' | relative_url }}[Extended Daylight Saving Time Review and Considerations]

This document provides a review of the Daylight Saving Time changes and the
potential impact of this change on computer systems and devices. It is intended
as a review and reference for users and in particular for systems administrators
who may need to make necessary updates to their systems.

=== Extended daylight saving time links, advisories and changes

Details: link:{{'/resources/daylight-saving-time/extended-daylight-saving-time-links-advisories-and-changes' | relative_url }}[Extended Daylight Saving Time Links, Advisories and Changes]

This document is a compilation of links to vendor-provided advisories, technical
notes, change documents, and the like. Its primary purpose is to try and
consolidate in one place links to references for Calendaring and Scheduling
systems and major underlying operating systems, but links for related products
and services will be provided when possible.

We realize that this compilation is far from complete, and is only as useful as
it is inclusive, and solicit additional information which belongs in this
compilation.

Please send references and URLs to:

* mailto:info@calconnect.org?subject=Daylight%20Saving%20Time%20Referrals[DST Referrals]

=== Extended daylight saving time advisory notice

Details: link:{{'/publications/CD0514%20DST%20Advisory%20Notice.pdf' | relative_url }}[Extended Daylight Saving Time Advisory Notice]

This document, developed just prior to the signing of the Energy Policy Act into
law, was an advisory intended to explain the impact of the Act's proposed
changes to Daylight Saving Time and CalConnect's concerns as to that impact and
the necessary actions which needed to be taken by vendors and customers prior to
the first DST change coming into effect.
