---
layout: page
title:  Membership Fee Payment
type: membership
---

== Membership Fee Payment

Thank you for applying for membership in The Calendaring and Scheduling
Consortium. Your membership in the Consortium begins with our receipt of
your membership application and tendering of an Invoice.

We do expect to receive your membership fee payment within 30 days from
your submission of the membership form or from receipt of our Invoice;
however, we realize that unusual circumstances and accounting
departments may affect how promptly you can send payment. If you have
reason to believe that payment will be delayed beyond 30 days please
contact the Executive Director of the Consortium (see below).

Please refer to the sections below depending on the type of payment you
have chosen.

* If you are paying by *check or money order*, please make your check or
money order out to "The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium" and send
it to the address below.

* If you wish to send your payment by *ACH interbank funds transfer*,
please contact us by telephone at the telephone number below for details
about the necessary routing information to transfer your fee to our bank
account.

* If you have requested that an *Invoice be sent to initiate payment*,
we will send an invoice in PDF format by e-mail to the Primary Contact
and to the Administrative/Invoice Contact (if one was specified). Upon
receipt of our Invoice, please send your check or money order to the
address specified below and on the Invoice, or call us at the number
below to arrange ACH interbank funds transfer.

* If you wish to pay by PayPal send your payment to: `calconnect@calconnect.org`

* If you indicated that you wish to *pay by credit card*, use PayPal but
select the credit card option

Regardless of which method of payment you choose, the Consortium will
send a PAID Invoice in PDF format once your membership payment has been
received. This will be sent to your Primary Representative, and to your
Administrative Contact if you have identified one.

=== Address and Contact Information

*The Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium* +
226 3rd St +
Troy, NY 12180 +
USA

+1 617 816 0041

Mike Douglass, +
Executive Director +
mailto:calconnect@calconnect.org[calconnect@calconnect.org]
